Add LSP0 ABI page. Update global links & script. (#585)
lukso-network/docs: docs/contracts/contracts/LSP0ERC725Account/LSP0ERC725Account.md

- Solidity implementation in [**LSP0ERC725Account**](https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts/blob/develop/contracts/LSP0ERC725Account/LSP0ERC725Account.sol)

:::

```solidity
receive() external payable;
```

Executed:

- When receiving some native tokens without any additional data.

- On empty calls to the contract.

<blockquote>

**Emitted events:**

- [`ValueReceived`](#valuereceived) event when receiving native tokens.

</blockquote>

### RENOUNCE_OWNERSHIP_CONFIRMATION_DELAY

:::note Links

- Specification details in [**LSP-0-ERC725Account**](https://github.com/lukso-network/lips/tree/main/LSPs/LSP-0-ERC725Account.md#renounce_ownership_confirmation_delay)
- Solidity implementation in [**LSP0ERC725Account**](https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts/blob/develop/contracts/LSP0ERC725Account/LSP0ERC725Account.sol)
- Function signature: `RENOUNCE_OWNERSHIP_CONFIRMATION_DELAY()`
- Function selector: `0xead3fbdf`

:::

```solidity
function RENOUNCE_OWNERSHIP_CONFIRMATION_DELAY()
  external
  view
  returns (uint256);
```

#### Returns

| Name |   Type    | Description |
| ---- | :-------: | ----------- |

> | `0`  | `uint256` | -           |

Author: This if from LSP14, but its quite strange, even with natspec there, it seems that it does not inherit the return value from  the natspec in LSP14. Requires investigation, or we could make the variable private and create a getter for it.

- Solidity implementation in [**LSP0ERC725Account**](https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts/blob/develop/contracts/LSP0ERC725Account/LSP0ERC725Account.sol)
- Function signature: `batchCalls(bytes[])`
- Function selector: `0x6963d438`

:::

```solidity
function batchCalls(bytes[] data) external nonpayable returns (bytes[] results);
```

Allows a caller to batch different function calls in one call. Perform a `delegatecall` on self, to call different functions with preserving the context It is not possible to send value along the functions call due to the use of `delegatecall`.

#### Parameters

| Name   |   Type    | Description                                                          |
| ------ | :-------: | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `data` | `bytes[]` | An array of ABI encoded function calls to be called on the contract. |

#### Returns

| Name      |   Type    | Description                                            |
| --------- | :-------: | ------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `results` | `bytes[]` | An array of values returned by the executed functions. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `results` | `bytes[]` | An array of abi-encoded returned data returned by the executed functions. |
```

### execute

:::note Links

- Specification details in [**LSP-0-ERC725Account**](https://github.com/lukso-network/lips/tree/main/LSPs/LSP-0-ERC725Account.md#execute)
- Solidity implementation in [**LSP0ERC725Account**](https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts/blob/develop/contracts/LSP0ERC725Account/LSP0ERC725Account.sol)
- Function signature: `execute(uint256,address,uint256,bytes)`
- Function selector: `0x44c028fe`

:::

```solidity
function execute(
  uint256 operationType,
  address target,
  uint256 value,
  bytes data
) external payable returns (bytes);
```

> _Calling address `target` using `operationType`, transferring `value` wei and data: `data`. _

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Calling address `target` using `operationType`, transferring `value` wei and data: `data`._
```

Author: This is on IERC725X side because it is from `@inheritdoc IERC725X`

Generic executor function to:

- send native tokens to any address.

- interact with any contract by passing an abi-encoded function call in the `data` parameter.

- deploy a contract by providing its creation bytecode in the `data` parameter.

<blockquote>

**Requirements:**

- If a `value` is provided, the contract MUST have at least this amount in its balance to execute successfully.
- If the operation type is `STATICCALL` or `DELEGATECALL`, `value` SHOULD be 0.
- `target` SHOULD be `address(0)` when deploying a contract.

> - MUST pass when called by the owner or by an authorised address that pass the verification check performed on the owner accordinng to [LSP-20-CallVerification] specification.

Reviewer: This whole sentence needs re-wording.
We cannot write an API/ABI specs the same way as we write a formal specification document.

- LSP specs = how it should work / intended to work (for "designers, architects")
- ABI Technical docs = how it actually works, how the software and its functionalities can be used.

</blockquote>

<blockquote>

**Emitted events:**

> - [`Executed`](#executed) event, when a call is executed under `operationType` 0, 3 and 4

Reviewer: Please mention the operation types here.

> - [`ContractCreated`](#contractcreated) event, when a contract is created under `operationType` 1 and 2

Reviewer: Same here

- [`ValueReceived`](#valuereceived) event when receiving native tokens.

</blockquote>

#### Parameters

| Name            |   Type    | Description                                                                                           |
| --------------- | :-------: | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `operationType` | `uint256` | The operation type used: CALL = 0; CREATE = 1; CREATE2 = 2; STATICCALL = 3; DELEGATECALL = 4          |
| `target`        | `address` | The address of the EOA or smart contract. (unused if a contract is created via operation type 1 or 2) |
| `value`         | `uint256` | The amount of native tokens to transfer (in Wei)                                                      |
| `data`          |  `bytes`  | The call data, or the creation bytecode of the contract to deploy if `operationType` is `1` or `2`.   |

#### Returns

| Name |  Type   | Description |
| ---- | :-----: | ----------- |

> | `0`  | `bytes` | -           |

Reviewer: Please describe the return parameter here.

Author: This should be described on the `IERC725X` interface as we  inherit it here.

### executeBatch

:::note Links

- Specification details in [**LSP-0-ERC725Account**](https://github.com/lukso-network/lips/tree/main/LSPs/LSP-0-ERC725Account.md#executebatch)
- Solidity implementation in [**LSP0ERC725Account**](https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts/blob/develop/contracts/LSP0ERC725Account/LSP0ERC725Account.sol)
- Function signature: `executeBatch(uint256[],address[],uint256[],bytes[])`
- Function selector: `0x31858452`

:::

```solidity
function executeBatch(
  uint256[] operationsType,
  address[] targets,
  uint256[] values,
  bytes[] datas
) external payable returns (bytes[]);
```

_Calling multiple addresses `targets` using `operationsType`, transferring `values` wei and data: `datas`. _

Batch executor function that behaves the same as [`execute`](#execute) but allowing multiple operations in the same transaction.

<blockquote>

**Requirements:**

- The length of the parameters provided MUST be equal
- If a `value` is provided, the contract MUST have at least this amount in its balance to execute successfully.

> - If the operation type is `STATICCALL` or `DELEGATECALL`, `value` SHOULD be 0.

Reviewer: We have to go further here to explain to the developers why value should be 0 for these two types of operationType.

> - `target` SHOULD be `address(0)` when deploying a contract.

Reviewer: I guess we have to say "must" here because it's a requirement, otherwise it reverts

```suggestion
- `target` must be `address(0)` when deploying a contract.
```

- MUST pass when called by the owner or by an authorised address that pass the verification check performed on the owner accordinng to [LSP-20-CallVerification] specification.

</blockquote>

<blockquote>

**Emitted events:**

> - [`Executed`](#executed) event, when a call is executed under `operationType` 0, 3 and 4 (each iteration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`Executed`](#executed) event for each call that uses `operationType` 0, 3 and 4 (each iteration)
```

| `targets`        | `address[]` | The list of addresses to call. `targets` will be unused if a contract is created (operation types 1 and 2).     |
| `values`         | `uint256[]` | The list of native token amounts to transfer (in Wei).                                                          |
| `datas`          |  `bytes[]`  | The list of calldata, or the creation bytecode of the contract to deploy if `operationType` is `1` or `2`.      |

#### Returns

| Name |   Type    | Description |
| ---- | :-------: | ----------- |
| `0`  | `bytes[]` | -           |

### getData

:::note Links

- Specification details in [**LSP-0-ERC725Account**](https://github.com/lukso-network/lips/tree/main/LSPs/LSP-0-ERC725Account.md#getdata)
- Solidity implementation in [**LSP0ERC725Account**](https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts/blob/develop/contracts/LSP0ERC725Account/LSP0ERC725Account.sol)
- Function signature: `getData(bytes32)`
- Function selector: `0x54f6127f`

:::

```solidity
function getData(bytes32 dataKey) external view returns (bytes dataValue);
```

_Reading the ERC725Y storage for data key `dataKey` returned the following value: `dataValue`._

> Get in the ERC725Y storage the bytes data stored at a specific data key `dataKey`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get from the ERC725Y storage the bytes data stored at a specific data key `dataKey`.
```

Author: This should be described on the `IERC725X` interface as we inherit it here.
